README.md, before:

# Sudoku Solver with SAT
This repository is an implementation of the MIT OCW 6.005 course problem assignment 4
(2011 version, now outdated and archived [here](http://dspace.mit.edu/handle/1721.1/106923)). Visit
[this page](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-005-software-construction-spring-2016/)
for the currently active version of the course.

The Sudoku Solver with SAT solves Sudoku puzzles by representing the game constraints with propositional formulas in [CNF 
(Conjunctive Normal Form)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conjunctive_normal_form). These formulas  are then solved by an implementation of
[SAT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_satisfiability_problem), which is constructed following
the [DPLL algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DPLL_algorithm). More details about the problem assignment can be
found in the `Instructions.pdf` file in the project root directory.

## Basic usage
This implementation <b>still doesn't work</b> as intended. The `src/sudoku/Main.java` launcher outputs a partial solution
to the various Sudoku grids, but only when some problem constraints are weakened. Some work is being done to update
the solution and will be uploaded to this repository when ready.

Commit message:

Solve implementation bugs and add some features.
Add isValid() method and tests for it.
Update README.md.

README.md, after:

# Sudoku Solver with SAT
This repository is an implementation of the MIT OCW 6.005 course problem assignment 4
(2011 version, now outdated and archived [here](http://dspace.mit.edu/handle/1721.1/106923)). Visit
[this page](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-005-software-construction-spring-2016/)
for the currently active version of the course.

The Sudoku Solver with SAT solves Sudoku puzzles by representing the game constraints with propositional formulas in [CNF 
(Conjunctive Normal Form)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conjunctive_normal_form). These formulas  are then solved by an implementation of
[SAT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_satisfiability_problem), which is constructed following
the [DPLL algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DPLL_algorithm). More details about the problem assignment can be
found in the `Instructions.pdf` file in the project root directory.

## Basic usage
To run this project the [IntelliJ IDEA IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) is recommended.
To execute the Sudoku solver it is enough opening the `src/sudoku/Main.java` file and running the main() method.
<b>Warning</b>: this implementetantion contains bugs and some of the sample unfilled sudoku grids may not work.
